Editorial pass v1 (#158)
quicwg/ack-frequency: draft-ietf-quic-ack-frequency.md

# Motivation

A receiver acknowledges received packets, but it can delay sending these
acknowledgements. Delaying acknowledgements can impact connection

> throughput, loss detection and congestion controller performance at the

Author: ```suggestion
throughput, loss detection and congestion controller performance at a data
```

> sender, and CPU utilization at both the sender and receiver.

Reviewer: Why did you remove "data"? Think this saying data sender is more clear.

Author: A sender sends ACK eliciting frames besides data, but I can revert this part of the PR if you want.

> sender, and CPU utilization at both the sender and receiver.

Author: ```suggestion
sender, and CPU utilization at both a data sender and a data receiver.
```

Reducing the frequency of acknowledgements can improve connection and
endpoint performance in the following ways:

- Sending UDP packets can be very CPU intensive on some platforms. Reducing

>   the number of ACK only packets reduces the CPU consumed at a data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the number of ACK-only packets reduces the CPU consumed at a data
```
Or maybe even "packets only carrying an acknowledgement frame"? Not sure we defined "ACK-only" anywhere?
